Initial S3 vectors Cookbook (#221)
spiceai/cookbook: vectors/s3/README.md

# S3 Vector Engine

Spice can use vector engines to store embeddings for datasets and provide efficient search functionality to the runtime.

> In this cookbook, Spice will create a simple vector search system over Github issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this cookbook, Spice will create a simple vector search system over Github pull requests.
```

## Prerequisites

- Ensure you have the Spice CLI installed. Follow the [Getting Started](https://docs.spiceai.org/getting-started) if you haven't done so.
- Populate `.env`:
  - `GITHUB_TOKEN`: With a [personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#creating-a-personal-access-token-classic).
  - `SPICE_OPENAI_API_KEY`: A valid OpenAI API key (or equivalent).
  - `S3_VECTORS_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `S3_VECTORS_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` (and `S3_VECTORS_AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` if needed): Access credentials for an AWS account.
    - For alternative AWS authentication methods, see Spice's [S3 vectors](https://spiceai.org/docs/components/vectors/s3_vectors) documentation.

## Search with SQL

1. Using a vector search UDTF, search for recent updates to Spice.
```sql
SELECT
    url,
    title,

>     score -- this is a computed value (i.e. not in `describe issues;`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    score -- this is a computed value (i.e. not in `describe pulls;`).
```
